What are you doing?
Such a nice stool
Why are you the one going through the back door?
Made of waste that eats soft rice
That's for you.
Luo Shanshan's backstage is Manager Chen
If I could help him fix this kid
It is not easy to get promoted and raised in the future
Your name is Fang Yunfeng, right?
Nice work.
I will listen to your good words in front of Manager Chen.
Thank you, Shanshan.
I will keep up the good work.
No way.
I can't let Fang Yufeng steal my thunder
Shanshan, your information
Why don't you let Yang Qianleng handle it?
Just take a look
This illiterate person who didn't go to college
Can you do this?
Okay, look, you're right
Then give it all to Yang Qianleng
This is the company's sales data for the last quarter
Finish sorting out the report and send it to me before get off work.
How can I possibly finish so much?
Sure enough, he is a piece of trash
I started picking and choosing before I even started work
Here are some more.
This is the company's purchasing data for the last quarter
Do it all for me today
Why?
Is that how much work one person does in a day?